hey guys johannes from surgery -
athletics calm I have a new video for
you but very excited about this but
watching you sit at my gym that we've
been using it for about half a year now
to make sure it work before I put it out
there and the concept I'll explain now I
will show you a couple of pairings but
I'll also put a link to the article in
the description if you want the studies
about the post-workout massage reducing
inflammation increasing muscle muscle
length things like that I'll put that
link for it otherwise I'm showing give
you the content right now the idea is
you're in a foam roll a specific muscle
group and then you're going to follow it
up with a thirty to sixty Seconds static
stretch this muscle group so this is
done post-workout so try to push the
information out and restore proper
lengths of the muscle it takes about ten
minutes I'll show you a couple of the
pairings and in the length of
description I'll show you where I can
get my foam lawyers from I get a lot of
questions where do you buy these
my parents all you have to do is give
this video a like we hit 50 likes 50
shares on know that enough people will
be interested in it and then I'll take
the time shoot all our pairings go
together one comprehensive video for you
pull it back
I'd only be a few inches once you do
better